Aim:
To Fully determine the chemical structure of a molecule
based on NMR Data


Reading NMR Data from file:
	Reading NMR Types:
		1D H1 and H13 NMR Spectra
			Input Carbon Peak Data and Hydrogen Integration Data
			 # Example of each goes here
		2D COSY, HSQC, HMBC
		
		Integration Data from Hydrogen Spectrum determines the number of hydrogens
		represented by that peak
		
		Generate a list of 1D Signals with shift value, signal type (C or H)
		and multiplicity
		
		2D Signal Manager reads all 2D data and finds the corresponding 1D signals that it is closest to,
			and generates a 2D Signal corresponding to this peak.
			If the peak differs from any 1D peak in either coordinate by a specified error value, then it is ignored
			In the case of the COSY spectra, asymmetric peaks are also removed
		
		The 2D Signal Manager then creates an NxN Interaction Matrix of all the interaction types
		with a row/column for each atom (i.e. signals with multiplicities > 1 will have multiple equivalent adjacent rows/columns)
		
			[
			1:COSY
			2:HSQC
			3:HMBC
			]
						
		INADEQUATE interactions are then inferred using the method shown below:
			#INSERT DIAGRAM HERE
	
				
		Infer bonds using HMBC by focusing only on the 3-bond HMBC interactions
		
Interaction Manager:
	Interaction Manager takes the interaction manager, a list of the atom types and their shift values
	
	Determines immediately obvious bonds,
		HSQC implies H-C bonds,
		INAD implies C-C and C=C bonds

For the first minimser, the plan was to experiment attempting to determine the entire molecule using only an energy
minimisation function and keep the level of 'expert knowledge' in the system to a minimum such that the system
should behave in situations that hadn't been accounted for initially since the system should behave according to
the simple fundamental rules.

First Minimiser:
    Used the Basin Hopping Algorithm with random displacements according to a delta energy/temperature function
    which aims to reduce a global energy function determined by mutual interactions between atoms in the molecule.

    The energy functions for each interaction type are displayed below:

    and are the sum of an exponential and an inverse exponential.

    Any atoms with no interaction between have a 'default' repulsive interaction type, preventing atoms from appearing to
    form a bond by random chance. Since the atoms are initially near to the origin , this particular interaction type
    was set to start with a lower magnitude than the others and increase gradually, since the energy function is
    extremely high when the molecules are close together.



    HMBC has a flat range from # to #, which are values chosen to approximate the range of possible lengths for either 2 or 3 bond interactions,
        allowing a minimum range instead of just a single value

    On each iteration, the solution is written to file, and OLEX is used to display the current best solution.



    First tested using trans-2-hexenal, and performed relatively well though
    took significantly longer and less reliably than expected to determine larger molecules such as
    Cucumber Aldehyde (Trans-2, cis-6-nonadienal) - the molecule was not always determined correctly, and fell
    into a different local minimum.

    When tested with a larger molecule - 2ethyl indanone, there was no success at all
    since the increased number of variables slowed the system such that no structure could be determined at all



Second Minimiser:
	Uses ChemLab to display molecule using OpenGL

    Since the first energy minimiser was not entirely reliable, a different approach was taken:
        An additional piece of information that is known about the structure that can actually be defined is
        that the INAD and HSQC bonds are not only distance constraints, but actually represent known bonds, and that
        instead of allowing these distances to eventually be reached by minimisation, these bonds are actually defined
        before any minimisation starts.

        This allows a group of 'fragments' to be created, which are contiguous chains of the molecule. The distances
        between bonds are defined exactly, and instead of adjusting these coordinates, bonds are only rotated with respect
        to either a randomly chosen axis or along the bond axis itself, and entire fragments can be translated
        in space. Single atom fragments are translated instead of rotated.
        This allows for all of the INADEQUATE and HSQC interactions to be satisfied by definition, and only the
        2/3 Bond HMBC interaction types must be considered.

        NOESY interaction data was also introduced as through space interactions
        to determine distance between Hydrogens, in order to pull together unjoined fragments.


Third Minimiser:
	As a modification of the second minimiser method:

	HMBC then implies inter-fragment bonds in the following manner:
		Since HMBC usually represents 2/3 bond interactions try and form only 3-bond interactions
			consider each HMBC interaction [HW,CZ]and check if is already satisfied
			then check whether the valency of the carbon adjacent (CX) to HW is fully satisfied (eliminating the possibility of 2-bond interactions)
			if there is only one carbon (CY) adjacent to CX with incomplete valency then this is the only carbon that will satisfy the HMBC
			so a CY-CZ bond is created. If CY and CZ are in different fragments, these fragments are merged together.







Initially used a